---
title: vpc_endpoint
hide_title: false
hide_table_of_contents: false
keywords:
  - vpc_endpoint
  - ec2
  - aws
  - stackql
  - infrastructure-as-code
  - configuration-as-data
  - cloud inventory
description: Query, deploy and manage AWS resources using SQL
custom_edit_url: null
image: /img/providers/aws/stackql-aws-provider-featured-image.png
---
Gets an individual <code>vpc_endpoint</code> resource

## Overview
<table><tbody>
<tr><td><b>Name</b></td><td><code>vpc_endpoint</code></td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Type</b></td><td>Resource</td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Description</b></td><td>vpc_endpoint</td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Id</b></td><td><code>awscc.ec2.vpc_endpoint</code></td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Fields
<table><tbody>
<tr><th>Name</th><th>Datatype</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>id</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td><code>creation_timestamp</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td><code>dns_entries</code></td><td><code>array</code></td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td><code>network_interface_ids</code></td><td><code>array</code></td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td><code>policy_document</code></td><td><code>object</code></td><td>An endpoint policy, which controls access to the service from the VPC. The default endpoint policy allows full access to the service. Endpoint policies are supported only for gateway and interface endpoints.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; For CloudFormation templates in YAML, you can provide the policy in JSON or YAML format. CFNlong converts YAML policies to JSON format before calling the API to create or modify the VPC endpoint.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>private_dns_enabled</code></td><td><code>boolean</code></td><td>Indicate whether to associate a private hosted zone with the specified VPC. The private hosted zone contains a record set for the default public DNS name for the service for the Region (for example, ``kinesis.us-east-1.amazonaws.com``), which resolves to the private IP addresses of the endpoint network interfaces in the VPC. This enables you to make requests to the default public DNS name for the service instead of the public DNS names that are automatically generated by the VPC endpoint service.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; To use a private hosted zone, you must set the following VPC attributes to ``true``: ``enableDnsHostnames`` and ``enableDnsSupport``.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; This property is supported only for interface endpoints.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; Default: ``false``</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>route_table_ids</code></td><td><code>array</code></td><td>The IDs of the route tables. Routing is supported only for gateway endpoints.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>security_group_ids</code></td><td><code>array</code></td><td>The IDs of the security groups to associate with the endpoint network interfaces. If this parameter is not specified, we use the default security group for the VPC. Security groups are supported only for interface endpoints.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>service_name</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The name of the endpoint service.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>subnet_ids</code></td><td><code>array</code></td><td>The IDs of the subnets in which to create endpoint network interfaces. You must specify this property for an interface endpoint or a Gateway Load Balancer endpoint. You can't specify this property for a gateway endpoint. For a Gateway Load Balancer endpoint, you can specify only one subnet.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>vpc_endpoint_type</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The type of endpoint.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; Default: Gateway</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>vpc_id</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The ID of the VPC.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>region</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>AWS region.</td></tr>

</tbody></table>

## Methods
Currently only <code>SELECT</code> is supported for this resource resource.

## Example
```sql
SELECT
region,
id,
creation_timestamp,
dns_entries,
network_interface_ids,
policy_document,
private_dns_enabled,
route_table_ids,
security_group_ids,
service_name,
subnet_ids,
vpc_endpoint_type,
vpc_id
FROM awscc.ec2.vpc_endpoint
WHERE data__Identifier = '<Id>';
```

## Permissions

To operate on the <code>vpc_endpoint</code> resource, the following permissions are required:

### Read
```json
ec2:DescribeVpcEndpoints
```

### Update
```json
ec2:ModifyVpcEndpoint,
ec2:DescribeVpcEndpoints
```

### Delete
```json
ec2:DeleteVpcEndpoints,
ec2:DescribeVpcEndpoints
```

