---
title: config_rule
hide_title: false
hide_table_of_contents: false
keywords:
  - config_rule
  - config
  - aws
  - stackql
  - infrastructure-as-code
  - configuration-as-data
  - cloud inventory
description: Query, deploy and manage AWS resources using SQL
custom_edit_url: null
image: /img/providers/aws/stackql-aws-provider-featured-image.png
---
Gets an individual <code>config_rule</code> resource

## Overview
<table><tbody>
<tr><td><b>Name</b></td><td><code>config_rule</code></td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Type</b></td><td>Resource</td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Description</b></td><td>You must first create and start the CC configuration recorder in order to create CC managed rules with CFNlong. For more information, see &#91;Managing the Configuration Recorder&#93;(https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.aws.amazon.com&#x2F;config&#x2F;latest&#x2F;developerguide&#x2F;stop-start-recorder.html).&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; Adds or updates an CC rule to evaluate if your AWS resources comply with your desired configurations. For information on how many CC rules you can have per account, see &#91;Service Limits&#93;(https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.aws.amazon.com&#x2F;config&#x2F;latest&#x2F;developerguide&#x2F;configlimits.html) in the *Developer Guide*.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; There are two types of rules: *Managed Rules* and *Custom Rules*. You can use the ``ConfigRule`` resource to create both CC Managed Rules and CC Custom Rules.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; CC Managed Rules are predefined, customizable rules created by CC. For a list of managed rules, see &#91;List of Managed Rules&#93;(https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.aws.amazon.com&#x2F;config&#x2F;latest&#x2F;developerguide&#x2F;managed-rules-by-aws-config.html). If you are adding an CC managed rule, you must specify the rule's identifier for the ``SourceIdentifier`` key.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; CC Custom Rules are rules that you create from scratch. There are two ways to create CC custom rules: with Lambda functions (&#91;Developer Guide&#93;(https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.aws.amazon.com&#x2F;config&#x2F;latest&#x2F;developerguide&#x2F;gettingstarted-concepts.html#gettingstarted-concepts-function)) and with CFNGUARDshort (&#91;Guard GitHub Repository&#93;(https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.aws.amazon.com&#x2F;https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;aws-cloudformation&#x2F;cloudformation-guard)), a policy-as-code language. CC custom rules created with LAMlong are called *Custom Lambda Rules* and CC custom rules created with CFNGUARDshort are called *Custom Policy Rules*.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; If you are adding a new CC Custom LAM rule, you first need to create an LAMlong function that the rule invokes to evaluate your resources. When you use the ``ConfigRule`` resource to add a Custom LAM rule to CC, you must specify the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that LAMlong assigns to the function. You specify the ARN in the ``SourceIdentifier`` key. This key is part of the ``Source`` object, which is part of the ``ConfigRule`` object. &lt;br&#x2F;&gt; For any new CC rule that you add, specify the ``ConfigRuleName`` in the ``ConfigRule`` object. Do not specify the ``ConfigRuleArn`` or the ``ConfigRuleId``. These values are generated by CC for new rules.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; If you are updating a rule that you added previously, you can specify the rule by ``ConfigRuleName``, ``ConfigRuleId``, or ``ConfigRuleArn`` in the ``ConfigRule`` data type that you use in this request.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; For more information about developing and using CC rules, see &#91;Evaluating Resources with Rules&#93;(https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.aws.amazon.com&#x2F;config&#x2F;latest&#x2F;developerguide&#x2F;evaluate-config.html) in the *Developer Guide*.</td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Id</b></td><td><code>aws.config.config_rule</code></td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Fields
<table><tbody>
<tr><th>Name</th><th>Datatype</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>config_rule_id</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td><code>description</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The description that you provide for the CC rule.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>scope</code></td><td><code>object</code></td><td>Defines which resources can trigger an evaluation for the rule. The scope can include one or more resource types, a combination of one resource type and one resource ID, or a combination of a tag key and value. Specify a scope to constrain the resources that can trigger an evaluation for the rule. If you do not specify a scope, evaluations are triggered when any resource in the recording group changes.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt;  The scope can be empty.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>config_rule_name</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>A name for the CC rule. If you don't specify a name, CFN generates a unique physical ID and uses that ID for the rule name. For more information, see &#91;Name Type&#93;(https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.aws.amazon.com&#x2F;AWSCloudFormation&#x2F;latest&#x2F;UserGuide&#x2F;aws-properties-name.html).</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>arn</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td><code>compliance</code></td><td><code>object</code></td><td>Indicates whether an AWS resource or CC rule is compliant and provides the number of contributors that affect the compliance.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>maximum_execution_frequency</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The maximum frequency with which CC runs evaluations for a rule. You can specify a value for ``MaximumExecutionFrequency`` when:&lt;br&#x2F;&gt;  +  You are using an AWS managed rule that is triggered at a periodic frequency.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt;  +  Your custom rule is triggered when CC delivers the configuration snapshot. For more information, see &#91;ConfigSnapshotDeliveryProperties&#93;(https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.aws.amazon.com&#x2F;config&#x2F;latest&#x2F;APIReference&#x2F;API_ConfigSnapshotDeliveryProperties.html).&lt;br&#x2F;&gt;  &lt;br&#x2F;&gt;  By default, rules with a periodic trigger are evaluated every 24 hours. To change the frequency, specify a valid value for the ``MaximumExecutionFrequency`` parameter.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>source</code></td><td><code>object</code></td><td>Provides the rule owner (```` for managed rules, ``CUSTOM_POLICY`` for Custom Policy rules, and ``CUSTOM_LAMBDA`` for Custom Lambda rules), the rule identifier, and the notifications that cause the function to evaluate your AWS resources.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>input_parameters</code></td><td><code>object</code></td><td>A string, in JSON format, that is passed to the CC rule Lambda function.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>evaluation_modes</code></td><td><code>array</code></td><td>The modes the CC rule can be evaluated in. The valid values are distinct objects. By default, the value is Detective evaluation mode only.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>region</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>AWS region.</td></tr>

</tbody></table>

## Methods

<table><tbody>
  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Accessible by</th>
    <th>Required Params</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>update_resource</code></td>
    <td><code>UPDATE</code></td>
    <td><code>data__Identifier, data__PatchDocument, region</code></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>delete_resource</code></td>
    <td><code>DELETE</code></td>
    <td><code>data__Identifier, region</code></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>get_resource</code></td>
    <td><code>SELECT</code></td>
    <td><code>data__Identifier, region</code></td>
  </tr>
</tbody></table>

## `SELECT` Example
```sql
SELECT
region,
config_rule_id,
description,
scope,
config_rule_name,
arn,
compliance,
maximum_execution_frequency,
source,
input_parameters,
evaluation_modes
FROM aws.config.config_rule
WHERE data__Identifier = '<ConfigRuleName>';
```

## Permissions

To operate on the <code>config_rule</code> resource, the following permissions are required:

### Read
```json
config:DescribeConfigRules,
config:DescribeComplianceByConfigRule
```

### Delete
```json
config:DeleteConfigRule,
config:DescribeConfigRules
```

### Update
```json
config:PutConfigRule,
config:DescribeConfigRules
```

