---
title: event_subscription_tags
hide_title: false
hide_table_of_contents: false
keywords:
  - event_subscription_tags
  - rds
  - aws
  - stackql
  - infrastructure-as-code
  - configuration-as-data
  - cloud inventory
description: Query, deploy and manage AWS resources using SQL
custom_edit_url: null
image: /img/providers/aws/stackql-aws-provider-featured-image.png
---

import CopyableCode from '@site/src/components/CopyableCode/CopyableCode';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

Expands all tag keys and values for <code>event_subscriptions</code> in a region

## Overview
<table><tbody>
<tr><td><b>Name</b></td><td><code>event_subscription_tags</code></td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Type</b></td><td>Resource</td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Description</b></td><td>The <code>AWS::RDS::EventSubscription</code> resource allows you to receive notifications for Amazon Relational Database Service events through the Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS). For more information, see &#91;Using Amazon RDS Event Notification&#93;(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_Events.html) in the *Amazon RDS User Guide*.</td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Id</b></td><td><CopyableCode code="aws.rds.event_subscription_tags" /></td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Fields
<table><tbody><tr><th>Name</th><th>Datatype</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td><CopyableCode code="subscription_name" /></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The name of the subscription.<br />Constraints: The name must be less than 255 characters.</td></tr>
<tr><td><CopyableCode code="enabled" /></td><td><code>boolean</code></td><td>Specifies whether to activate the subscription. If the event notification subscription isn't activated, the subscription is created but not active.</td></tr>
<tr><td><CopyableCode code="event_categories" /></td><td><code>array</code></td><td>A list of event categories for a particular source type (<code>SourceType</code>) that you want to subscribe to. You can see a list of the categories for a given source type in the "Amazon RDS event categories and event messages" section of the &#91;Amazon RDS User Guide&#93;(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_Events.Messages.html) or the &#91;Amazon Aurora User Guide&#93;(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/USER_Events.Messages.html). You can also see this list by using the <code>DescribeEventCategories</code> operation.</td></tr>
<tr><td><CopyableCode code="sns_topic_arn" /></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SNS topic created for event notification. SNS automatically creates the ARN when you create a topic and subscribe to it.<br />RDS doesn't support FIFO (first in, first out) topics. For more information, see &#91;Message ordering and deduplication (FIFO topics)&#93;(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sns/latest/dg/sns-fifo-topics.html) in the *Amazon Simple Notification Service Developer Guide*.</td></tr>
<tr><td><CopyableCode code="source_ids" /></td><td><code>array</code></td><td>The list of identifiers of the event sources for which events are returned. If not specified, then all sources are included in the response. An identifier must begin with a letter and must contain only ASCII letters, digits, and hyphens. It can't end with a hyphen or contain two consecutive hyphens.<br />Constraints:<br />+ If <code>SourceIds</code> are supplied, <code>SourceType</code> must also be provided.<br />+ If the source type is a DB instance, a <code>DBInstanceIdentifier</code> value must be supplied.<br />+ If the source type is a DB cluster, a <code>DBClusterIdentifier</code> value must be supplied.<br />+ If the source type is a DB parameter group, a <code>DBParameterGroupName</code> value must be supplied.<br />+ If the source type is a DB security group, a <code>DBSecurityGroupName</code> value must be supplied.<br />+ If the source type is a DB snapshot, a <code>DBSnapshotIdentifier</code> value must be supplied.<br />+ If the source type is a DB cluster snapshot, a <code>DBClusterSnapshotIdentifier</code> value must be supplied.<br />+ If the source type is an RDS Proxy, a <code>DBProxyName</code> value must be supplied.</td></tr>
<tr><td><CopyableCode code="source_type" /></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The type of source that is generating the events. For example, if you want to be notified of events generated by a DB instance, you set this parameter to <code>db-instance</code>. For RDS Proxy events, specify <code>db-proxy</code>. If this value isn't specified, all events are returned.<br />Valid Values:<code>db-instance | db-cluster | db-parameter-group | db-security-group | db-snapshot | db-cluster-snapshot | db-proxy | zero-etl | custom-engine-version | blue-green-deployment</code></td></tr>
<tr><td><CopyableCode code="tag_key" /></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Tag key.</td></tr>
<tr><td><CopyableCode code="tag_value" /></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Tag value.</td></tr>
<tr><td><CopyableCode code="region" /></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>AWS region.</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Methods

<table><tbody>
  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Accessible by</th>
    <th>Required Params</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><CopyableCode code="list_resources" /></td>
    <td><code>SELECT</code></td>
    <td><CopyableCode code="region" /></td>
  </tr>
</tbody></table>

## `SELECT` examples
Expands tags for all <code>event_subscriptions</code> in a region.
```sql
SELECT
region,
subscription_name,
enabled,
event_categories,
sns_topic_arn,
source_ids,
source_type,
tag_key,
tag_value
FROM aws.rds.event_subscription_tags
WHERE region = 'us-east-1';
```


## Permissions

For permissions required to operate on the <code>event_subscription_tags</code> resource, see <a href="/providers/aws/rds/event_subscriptions/#permissions"><code>event_subscriptions</code></a>

