---
title: global_replication_groups
hide_title: false
hide_table_of_contents: false
keywords:
  - global_replication_groups
  - elasticache
  - aws
  - stackql
  - infrastructure-as-code
  - configuration-as-data
  - cloud inventory
description: Query, deploy and manage AWS resources using SQL
custom_edit_url: null
image: /img/providers/aws/stackql-aws-provider-featured-image.png
---
Retrieves a list of <code>global_replication_groups</code> in a region

## Overview
<table><tbody>
<tr><td><b>Name</b></td><td><code>global_replication_groups</code></td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Type</b></td><td>Resource</td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Description</b></td><td>global_replication_groups</td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Id</b></td><td><code>aws.elasticache.global_replication_groups</code></td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Fields
<table><tbody>
<tr><th>Name</th><th>Datatype</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>GlobalReplicationGroupIdSuffix</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The suffix name of a Global Datastore. Amazon ElastiCache automatically applies a prefix to the Global Datastore ID when it is created. Each AWS Region has its own prefix. </td></tr>
<tr><td><code>AutomaticFailoverEnabled</code></td><td><code>boolean</code></td><td>AutomaticFailoverEnabled</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>CacheNodeType</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The cache node type of the Global Datastore</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>EngineVersion</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The engine version of the Global Datastore.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>CacheParameterGroupName</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Cache parameter group name to use for the new engine version. This parameter cannot be modified independently.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>GlobalNodeGroupCount</code></td><td><code>integer</code></td><td>Indicates the number of node groups in the Global Datastore.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>GlobalReplicationGroupDescription</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The optional description of the Global Datastore</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>GlobalReplicationGroupId</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The name of the Global Datastore, it is generated by ElastiCache adding a prefix to GlobalReplicationGroupIdSuffix.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>Members</code></td><td><code>array</code></td><td>The replication groups that comprise the Global Datastore.</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>Status</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The status of the Global Datastore</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>RegionalConfigurations</code></td><td><code>array</code></td><td>Describes the replication group IDs, the AWS regions where they are stored and the shard configuration for each that comprise the Global Datastore </td></tr>

</tbody></table>

## Methods
Currently only <code>SELECT</code> is supported for this resource resource.

## Example
<pre>
SELECT *<br/>FROM aws.elasticache.global_replication_groups<br/>WHERE region = 'us-east-1'
</pre>
