---
title: defender
hide_title: false
hide_table_of_contents: false
keywords:
  - defender
  - azure
  - stackql
  - infrastructure-as-code
  - configuration-as-data
  - cloud inventory
description: Query, deploy and manage Azure resources using SQL
custom_edit_url: null
image: /img/providers/azure/stackql-azure-provider-featured-image.png
---

Microsoft Defender External Attack Surface Management (Defender EASM) Continuously Discovers And Maps Your Digital Attack Surface To Provide An External View Of Your Online Infrastructure. This Visibility Enables Security And IT Teams To Identify Unknowns, Prioritize Risk, Eliminate Threats, And Extend Vulnerability And Exposure Control Beyond The Firewall. Defender EASM Leverages Microsoft’S Crawling Technology To Discover Assets That Are Related To Your Known Online Infrastructure, And Actively Scans These Assets To Discover New Connections Over Time. Attack Surface Insights Are Generated By Leveraging Vulnerability And Infrastructure Data To Showcase The Key Areas Of Concern For Your Organization.  
    
:::info Service Summary

<div class="row">
<div class="providerDocColumn">
<span>total resources:&nbsp;<b>4</b></span><br />
<span>total selectable resources:&nbsp;<b>3</b></span><br />
<span>total methods:&nbsp;<b>17</b></span><br />
</div>
</div>

:::

## Overview
<table><tbody>
<tr><td><b>Name</b></td><td><code>azure.defender</code></td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Type</b></td><td>Service</td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Title</b></td><td>Microsoft Defender External Attack Surface Management</td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Description</b></td><td>Microsoft Defender External Attack Surface Management (Defender EASM) Continuously Discovers And Maps Your Digital Attack Surface To Provide An External View Of Your Online Infrastructure. This Visibility Enables Security And IT Teams To Identify Unknowns, Prioritize Risk, Eliminate Threats, And Extend Vulnerability And Exposure Control Beyond The Firewall. Defender EASM Leverages Microsoft’S Crawling Technology To Discover Assets That Are Related To Your Known Online Infrastructure, And Actively Scans These Assets To Discover New Connections Over Time. Attack Surface Insights Are Generated By Leveraging Vulnerability And Infrastructure Data To Showcase The Key Areas Of Concern For Your Organization.</td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Id</b></td><td><code>defender:v24.04.00223</code></td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Resources
<div class="row">
<div class="providerDocColumn">
<a href="/providers/azure/defender/labels/">labels</a><br />
<a href="/providers/azure/defender/operations/">operations</a><br />
</div>
<div class="providerDocColumn">
<a href="/providers/azure/defender/tasks/">tasks</a><br />
<a href="/providers/azure/defender/workspaces/">workspaces</a><br />
</div>
</div>
