---
title: config_rules
hide_title: false
hide_table_of_contents: false
keywords:
  - config_rules
  - config
  - aws
  - stackql
  - infrastructure-as-code
  - configuration-as-data
  - cloud inventory
description: Query, deploy and manage AWS resources using SQL
custom_edit_url: null
image: /img/providers/aws/stackql-aws-provider-featured-image.png
---
Used to retrieve a list of <code>config_rules</code> in a region or create a <code>config_rules</code> resource, use <code>config_rule</code> to operate on an individual resource.

## Overview
<table><tbody>
<tr><td><b>Name</b></td><td><code>config_rules</code></td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Type</b></td><td>Resource</td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Description</b></td><td>You must first create and start the CC configuration recorder in order to create CC managed rules with CFNlong. For more information, see &#91;Managing the Configuration Recorder&#93;(https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.aws.amazon.com&#x2F;config&#x2F;latest&#x2F;developerguide&#x2F;stop-start-recorder.html).&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; Adds or updates an CC rule to evaluate if your AWS resources comply with your desired configurations. For information on how many CC rules you can have per account, see &#91;Service Limits&#93;(https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.aws.amazon.com&#x2F;config&#x2F;latest&#x2F;developerguide&#x2F;configlimits.html) in the *Developer Guide*.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; There are two types of rules: *Managed Rules* and *Custom Rules*. You can use the ``ConfigRule`` resource to create both CC Managed Rules and CC Custom Rules.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; CC Managed Rules are predefined, customizable rules created by CC. For a list of managed rules, see &#91;List of Managed Rules&#93;(https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.aws.amazon.com&#x2F;config&#x2F;latest&#x2F;developerguide&#x2F;managed-rules-by-aws-config.html). If you are adding an CC managed rule, you must specify the rule's identifier for the ``SourceIdentifier`` key.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; CC Custom Rules are rules that you create from scratch. There are two ways to create CC custom rules: with Lambda functions (&#91;Developer Guide&#93;(https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.aws.amazon.com&#x2F;config&#x2F;latest&#x2F;developerguide&#x2F;gettingstarted-concepts.html#gettingstarted-concepts-function)) and with CFNGUARDshort (&#91;Guard GitHub Repository&#93;(https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.aws.amazon.com&#x2F;https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;aws-cloudformation&#x2F;cloudformation-guard)), a policy-as-code language. CC custom rules created with LAMlong are called *Custom Lambda Rules* and CC custom rules created with CFNGUARDshort are called *Custom Policy Rules*.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; If you are adding a new CC Custom LAM rule, you first need to create an LAMlong function that the rule invokes to evaluate your resources. When you use the ``ConfigRule`` resource to add a Custom LAM rule to CC, you must specify the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) that LAMlong assigns to the function. You specify the ARN in the ``SourceIdentifier`` key. This key is part of the ``Source`` object, which is part of the ``ConfigRule`` object. &lt;br&#x2F;&gt; For any new CC rule that you add, specify the ``ConfigRuleName`` in the ``ConfigRule`` object. Do not specify the ``ConfigRuleArn`` or the ``ConfigRuleId``. These values are generated by CC for new rules.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; If you are updating a rule that you added previously, you can specify the rule by ``ConfigRuleName``, ``ConfigRuleId``, or ``ConfigRuleArn`` in the ``ConfigRule`` data type that you use in this request.&lt;br&#x2F;&gt; For more information about developing and using CC rules, see &#91;Evaluating Resources with Rules&#93;(https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.aws.amazon.com&#x2F;config&#x2F;latest&#x2F;developerguide&#x2F;evaluate-config.html) in the *Developer Guide*.</td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Id</b></td><td><code>aws.config.config_rules</code></td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Fields
<table><tbody>
<tr><th>Name</th><th>Datatype</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>config_rule_name</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>A name for the CC rule. If you don't specify a name, CFN generates a unique physical ID and uses that ID for the rule name. For more information, see &#91;Name Type&#93;(https:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.aws.amazon.com&#x2F;AWSCloudFormation&#x2F;latest&#x2F;UserGuide&#x2F;aws-properties-name.html).</td></tr>
<tr><td><code>region</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>AWS region.</td></tr>

</tbody></table>

## Methods

<table><tbody>
  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Accessible by</th>
    <th>Required Params</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>create_resource</code></td>
    <td><code>INSERT</code></td>
    <td><code>data__DesiredState, region</code></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>list_resource</code></td>
    <td><code>SELECT</code></td>
    <td><code>region</code></td>
  </tr>
</tbody></table>

## `SELECT` Example
```sql
SELECT
region,
config_rule_name
FROM aws.config.config_rules
WHERE region = 'us-east-1'
```

## Permissions

To operate on the <code>config_rules</code> resource, the following permissions are required:

### Create
```json
config:PutConfigRule,
config:DescribeConfigRules
```

### List
```json
config:DescribeConfigRules
```

