---
title: database
hide_title: false
hide_table_of_contents: false
keywords:
  - database
  - lightsail
  - aws
  - stackql
  - infrastructure-as-code
  - configuration-as-data
  - cloud inventory
description: Query, deploy and manage AWS resources using SQL
custom_edit_url: null
image: /img/providers/aws/stackql-aws-provider-featured-image.png
---
Gets an individual <code>database</code> resource

## Overview
<table><tbody>
<tr><td><b>Name</b></td><td><code>database</code></td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Type</b></td><td>Resource</td></tr>
null
<tr><td><b>Id</b></td><td><code>aws.lightsail.database</code></td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Fields
<table><tbody>
<tr><th>Name</th><th>Datatype</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>RelationalDatabaseName</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The name to use for your new Lightsail database resource.</td></tr><tr><td><code>DatabaseArn</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>AvailabilityZone</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The Availability Zone in which to create your new database. Use the us-east-2a case-sensitive format.</td></tr><tr><td><code>RelationalDatabaseBlueprintId</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The blueprint ID for your new database. A blueprint describes the major engine version of a database.</td></tr><tr><td><code>RelationalDatabaseBundleId</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The bundle ID for your new database. A bundle describes the performance specifications for your database.</td></tr><tr><td><code>MasterDatabaseName</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The name of the database to create when the Lightsail database resource is created. For MySQL, if this parameter isn't specified, no database is created in the database resource. For PostgreSQL, if this parameter isn't specified, a database named postgres is created in the database resource.</td></tr><tr><td><code>MasterUsername</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The name for the master user.</td></tr><tr><td><code>MasterUserPassword</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The password for the master user. The password can include any printable ASCII character except "/", """, or "@". It cannot contain spaces.</td></tr><tr><td><code>PreferredBackupWindow</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The daily time range during which automated backups are created for your new database if automated backups are enabled.</td></tr><tr><td><code>PreferredMaintenanceWindow</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The weekly time range during which system maintenance can occur on your new database.</td></tr><tr><td><code>PubliclyAccessible</code></td><td><code>boolean</code></td><td>Specifies the accessibility options for your new database. A value of true specifies a database that is available to resources outside of your Lightsail account. A value of false specifies a database that is available only to your Lightsail resources in the same region as your database.</td></tr><tr><td><code>CaCertificateIdentifier</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>Indicates the certificate that needs to be associated with the database.</td></tr><tr><td><code>BackupRetention</code></td><td><code>boolean</code></td><td>When true, enables automated backup retention for your database. Updates are applied during the next maintenance window because this can result in an outage.</td></tr><tr><td><code>RotateMasterUserPassword</code></td><td><code>boolean</code></td><td>When true, the master user password is changed to a new strong password generated by Lightsail. Use the get relational database master user password operation to get the new password.</td></tr><tr><td><code>RelationalDatabaseParameters</code></td><td><code>array</code></td><td>Update one or more parameters of the relational database.</td></tr><tr><td><code>Tags</code></td><td><code>array</code></td><td>An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource.</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Methods
Currently only <code>SELECT</code> is supported for this resource resource.

## Example
<pre>
SELECT * 
FROM aws.lightsail.database
WHERE region = 'us-east-1' AND data__Identifier = '<RelationalDatabaseName>'
</pre>
